Username and password  guidelines

Username:
    It has to have more than 4 and less than 150 characters.
    Can contain any letters or numbers.
    Can contain some special characters, including @ (at sign) . (period) - (hyphen or dash) _ (underscore).
    Cannot contain spaces or non-English characters (such as é)


Password:
"Hackers often bypass some of the best security technologies by exploiting one of the oldest tricks in the book, 
your password.  Not only will attackers quickly gain access to whatever you have access to, audits and security 
monitoring will detect show that you accessed the documents, not the attacker so you will be the one to account 
for inappropriate use of company resources or access of data.  So what can you do to prevent this?
First, don’t share your password with anyone.  Not your co-workers, secretary, spouse, or even your dog.  
Your password should be for your eyes only.  Also, avoid group or departmental accounts that are shared among 
several people.  Have system administrators create an individual account for each person that accesses a system.
  Next, change your password often and follow these guidelines to create a secure password:"
  (ref: Vanderburg, E. (2020, September 12). Guidelines for username and password risk management. 
  TCDI. Retrieved June 30, 2022, from https://www.tcdi.com/guidelines-for-username-and-password-risk-management/ )

    Your password can’t be too similar to your other personal information.
    Your password must contain at least 8 characters.
    Your password can’t be a commonly used password.
    Your password can’t be entirely numeric.
    Must be different from your first name, last name, and username.
    Cannot contain spaces or non-English characters (such as é).
    Can contain any letters from a to z and any numbers from 0 through 9.
    Must include at least one number or special character and one letter.
    To help you easily remember your password, consider using a phrase or song to go with the acronym.
